# Identify-True-User
ITU Computer Engineering Graduation Project - Competition platform that allows to contest among the developers with suggestion algorithm implementation

Identify True User is a web application that provides software developers and people interested in algorithms to improve software skills and compete with the others. The system enables people multi-cross platform for developing software from different areas.

The system basically contains a compiler with multi-language support, and software developers may use this compiler independently from competitions, and algorithm questions from different categories. Developers enter this compiler area, and define an input for the code. After that, they write their code depending on the selected language, and obtain a result with this code, and input values. The written codes may not look pleasing to the eye, and the developers may loose the attention. Hence, an editor put in the compiler with different display types. The developers arrange their codes in the compiler with using the editor.

Moreover, the system contains algorithm problems from various study areas like Artifical Intelligence, basic string parse operations, SQL for database designers and developers, and Cryptography. These problems are divided into different categories for choosing interests and occupations of developers.

This web application has an admin panel for users having administrator authority. In this panel page, administrator adds different algorithm categories, and also create different question types for each category. Questions have different test cases for solving problems. User attaches test cases that have different difficulty levels and are in the desired number determined by the administrator. Created questions from different categories may be edited and deleted, and test cases may be arranged depending on the question flow.

Users select the questions from challenge categories section in the home page, and solve these problems with desired language. They are scored depending on the performance in the question, which is measured by the number of the passed test cases. All of the users can enter each question from the categories, and solve these problems. The project contains also leaderboard page in order to monitorize the scores of the developers. Ranking is made according as question category. Each category stores a ranking table o view the performance of the software developers. Top 10, 25 and 100 can be selected for looking the intended number.

The project has a dashboard for each user in order to monitorize the performance of the user. This page has recent activity section that contains user operations as date, category, language, and score for each of the solved questions. Also, the page contains user profile as percentiles with contact and personal information. User has activity calendar for viewing the operations on the questions with day, month, and year. Moreover, user tasks are determined with the question categories as completion ratio of problems for selected category. For doing this, a process is created. Lastly, two different pie charts are used for solved questions and their categories.

This web application is prepared for delivering the educational institutions in order to conduct the students to their interest in the academic field. Also, technology companies dealing with software projects supporting especially R & D studies benefit from this project to select qualified staff members for their workings.
